 Winner Announcement; Claiming and Awarding of Prize
The winners of the contest will be announced on the Contest Winners page on or about March 21, 2024 at GTC 2024. Potential winners will be contacted via email on or around March 1, 2024. To claim the prize, the winner must do the following within 2 days (48 hours) from the date of NVIDIA’s notification: 

confirm receipt of the notice by email/direct message (which confirmation must be sent from the same email address/account to which the notice was sent); and 

complete, sign and return a winner release form (as provided by NVIDIA along with its email notice) and such other requisite documentation (if any) listed in NVIDIA’s email notice 

Within 21 days following its receipt of the Required Winner Documents from the winner, NVIDIA will ship the prize via FedEx or similar courier service, at NVIDIA’s expense, to the winner’s mailing address specified in his/her winning entry. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if NVIDIA determines that the Required Winner Documents as returned by the winner are incomplete, erroneous, or otherwise not in order, NVIDIA may require the winner to provide complete or replacement documentation prior to shipment of prize. Digital prizes will be electronically emailed to the email address supplied as part of their contest submission.

Winners will be responsible for booking all travel to and from the NVIDIA GTC 2024 Conference in San Jose California, USA March 17-21, 2024. NVIDIA will not reimburse travel expenses other than the $500 total travel stipend to be claimed onsite at NVIDIA GTC 2024 event by the winner. The 4-day full GTC 2024 conference pass and $500.00 travel stipend may be transferable if the winner is unable to attend the 2024 conference in person, and is able to nominate an alternate recipient, approved by NVIDIA. Attendance at NVIDIA GTC 2024 is not required to win the rest of the prize package.

IMPORTANT NOTE TO ALL ENTRANTS: If a winner cannot be contacted or fails to claim the prize or to return the Required Winner Documents within the specified time period, or if the prize is returned as undeliverable, or if a winner fails to comply with any of the provisions of these Official Rules, such winner will be considered to have forfeited the prize. In such case, the prize will be awarded to the individual who submitted the next best entry as previously determined by NVIDIA.